and I kind of like I do remember the
first time that I met Phil and I played
a games at the World Series in o-5 when
I actually won and I will be perfectly
honest that was very daunting had a huge
chip stack and he he had this presence
about him but you know ten years on and
play playing with him several times it's
just another opponent really at the end
of the day you know what he's capable of
you know he's a high-level thinking
player so you just play accordingly you
know the best way is to treat him like
he's just anyone else right hard to do
that's the beautiful thing about poker
though when you sit at the poker table
you know it levels everybody up whether
you're rich whether you're poor with
you've won whether you haven't won
everyone's the same is it
the chips actually do the talking Phil
Ivey has pocket kings here and he's
raised it up to 45,000 that's the
problem of guys like Phil Ivey as they
get good hands to right they're allowed
to folds around to Dan Smith and he
announces all-in so I can't imagine Phil
Ivey is gonna fold a quick call Dan
Smith our short stack he's got pocket
fours so well he's walked into a bit of
a situation here and he's on the verge
of elimination this young man Dan Smith
just recently won the global poker index
poker player of the year for 2014
well he's gonna need a lot of help he
wants to see a four on this flop and he
take chips off Phil Ivey the flop a nine
seven seven flop great flop fulfill
the table's gone very quiet now the pot
just a little under six hundred thousand
to turn a Queen of Hearts so now only
two cards in the deck can save Dan Smith
these two aren't the most animated of
character but you just know that their
minds are gone at a million miles an
hour don't you the river and eight of
clubs so we will lose Dan Smith and Phil
Ivey will take his chips but I've got to
hand it to them they they know how to
play the nosebleeds like you say folds
around - Doug poker chip leader he lets
it go round - Eric Seidel we've spoken
time and time again about how this man
continues to play at such a high level
Richard young one of the biggest
characters we've seen in a long time
still want to get a home game at his
place but I don't want to pony up the
money to buy in and there is Phil Ivey
in the small blind eliminated Dan Smith
a little earlier makes the call with ace
five of clubs and Scott Seiver in the
big blind will check but this calling
out of the small blind with an ace has
become more and more common these days
and it's partly pop control partly
trapping and you know being elusive with
the strength of your hand Scott Seaver
with an inside straight draw
Ivey checks as does Scott the turn a
seven of clubs now so Seaver pairs his
seven ivory checks again this time Scott
severs going to fire well severs got
middle pair here he feels confident I've
he's checked twice
show no strength at all at the moment
this for life he's gonna look him up
well Ivey has an eight or a four to make
it straight
unfortunately eight won't doing me good
the rivers are five of spades so IV
pairs is five Scott Seiver though in
control with a pair of sevens I think
severs thinking now if Ivey has an eight
to make the straight or a four he'll
betting to me
if he checks I'm going I'm gonna bet if
he bets I'm gonna call and I think I
think Scott will call here phil ivey
bets 80,000 him to Scott Seiver this is
Phil Ivey at his best figuring out what
his opponent has and betting into him
Scott Seiver though he's no spring
chicken either Ivey the way I'd he
called the flop so it looks like he may
have been on a draw to a straight he may
get Scott to fold here and he did so
here you go we talked time and time
again about how he plays at this high
level but he's made his opponent for his
hand and he's taken advantage of it
great play to him it's just no
coincidence and that inherently so Doug
doesn't want to bloat the pot
unnecessarily Scott Seiver folds around
to the button once again
Doug pulk it's been rather active lately
four players remain one of them is gonna
take 2.2 million but only one of them
has won this title twice already
including last year and that is Phil
Ivey Hulk raises it up with ace four
offsuit there he is in shot
and he makes the call so they'll go at
it again this time IV with a 10 and a 9
offsuit here comes the flop there is a
10 there well at an interesting flop to
a 10 3 do so poke with a straight draw
and IV with top here IV checks quickly
now Doug can bet here all you can elect
to take a free card for his gut shot
straight checks behind IV the turn at 2
of hearts action on fill 75,000 just a
little over half of the pot Doug can
quite comfortably call here with his ace
high he's gonna be ahead most not most
the time but a lot of times gonna be
ahead and he's also drawing to an ace or
a 5 makes the call in position the river
is a six of clubs so IVs pair of tens of
best action is on Phil
can he get Doug Polk to call here with a
sign depending on the amount he could
yeah it depends what you know how weak
Doug sees IVs been and what the size of
this bed is can't really bit too much we
spent the pot that's almost the pot so
IVs taking the line that I want to
represent a bluff basically to get
called by ace high this is the sort of
thinking that these guys are doing like
he's put Doug pork on a sky IV said I've
got top pair I want to get a call I'm
gonna bet the maximum to make it look
like I'm actually trying to steal the
pot and Doug pork hasn't moved so Phil
live his instincts once again no
surprise clearly making Doug Polk think
about a call
you can almost hear a pin drop in the
room dug pop really considering this
call you're right Joe wow this is a
surprise he's made a raise here so he's
turned his hands into a bluff basically
Phil Ivey Lee hasn't moved but look at
those eyes now it's actually very simple
for ivy
there's no use raising he's only gonna
get called by a better hand okay he
believes he's in front if he does
believe he's in front he can just call
and see what happens right if you
believe he's behind he can raise now to
try and get his opponent to fold but I
think Ivy would just call my Ivy was
caught by surprise there
[Music]
I've he's speaking out loud a little bit
you don't get that very often from Phil
he just gave up a lot of information
there but I wonder whether that was
deliberate to try and get a reaction
from pop you can never tell right he
said just to be clear that he said that
I meant a bit hundred and seventy-five
thousand trying to elicit a reaction
from Doug Doug Paul perhaps to tell of
some I think was pretty futile attempt
but maybe just being honest their life
is just asking clarifying a few
tournament rules as we mentioned earlier
Joe when they travel those rules change
so you gotta clarify occasionally yeah
but now that was definitely he's
searching from information they okay he
that was he knows that this is now
playing poker right this is playing with
people's minds right so you were right
the first time don't trust them yeah
exactly
don't trust poker players he knows not
at the table anyway confused frustrated
the tug of war is back and even phil
ivey gets it that's great
can he do it can he convince himself to
call he wants to he doesn't want to do I
don't I every poker player in the world
faces this even Phil Ivey oh there it is
he makes the court so he will win a big
party he almost looked a bit surprised
he was resigned to the fact that he's
actually lost the hand to be honest so
he was surprised that he won and was it
because he couldn't figure out what Doug
Pope exactly he thought he dug his will
be on Doug Pope he has the button he
began our feature table and our final
table as the chip leader he's done very
well to come this far featured last year
and the Aussie Millions also raises it
up with 8 9 offsuit facing a very scary
phil ivey in the big blind that is some
big blind to go after phil will defend
again especially when he has that chip
stack sitting as well
well IV has 6 for offsuit the flop a
queen 5 3 flop with two hearts so Ivey
with an up-and-down straight draw Hulk
well poke pokes got 9 high but he's
still ahead I would have liked to see I
have you been into this flop to be
honest it's so deceptive footing to this
flop and hitting the turn your
opponent's ever gonna put you on it Ivey
checks pop bets 110,000 Ivy's never
folding here with an open-ended straight
draw now is it just a call or is it a
raise or you know what are the options
here
either option is valid depending on what
you put your phone on you know he's out
of position doesn't to bloat the pot
just yet makes the call the turn a 7 of
clubs so Ivy turns a straight
the action is on Phil now now the
interesting thing about that card is it
still gives pulk a straight rule a six
will give him the nut straight on the
river I like to see Phil check here I
think he has checked yep good check
there now pulk fired at the flop he
backs down and checks now the river it
is a nine of Hearts so well duck poke
pears is nine but Ivy's got a straight
so it also completes the flush draw
take us through from here Joe the nine
is not a good card for Polke Ivey should
bet here and pop will probably call now
that he's got middle pair he feels
obliged to call but you know he could be
strong enough to fold well he asks the
question so you're right Joe the bet has
made Doug poke curious and it looks like
the vet is around 300,000 and he's
counting it out almost as though he's
resigned to call he has his calling
immediately with his paranoids and Phil
Ivey takes a very very nice pot off Doug
Polk turning the straight life would
have been much easier for pulk had the
river bricked about to come nothing he
could have just easily folded his hand
well Phil Ivey takes a very nice pot off
Doug poke that that would be but in
front of him is Mike McDonald no
stranger to like Joe says the nosebleed
section I sit next to the world champion
from 2005 in his hometown Joe Hachem
well you grew up in the crown poker room
did you ever think there was going to be
a $250,000 bond that's a regular event
on the calendar my god Paul I remember
15 years ago you know sitting around
thinking why aren't more people playing
this game and now you just look at the
sea of people that are playing it's it's
really good it's really nice to be part
of this we've come a long way i pot
brewing here between Mike McDonald who
raises it up with King four and there is
a king in the door and Phil Ivey called
with King 10
flops two pair Mike's got a big piece of
this too
this is not a good flop for Mike like
you know us knowing the cards he's
basically drawing dead here it's very
hard for you to win this pot he doesn't
know that well he checks perhaps for pot
control the turn is a three of diamonds
I'd imagine there's some betting going
Lou this Phil checks again hoping Mike
takes a stab well Mike's got something
surely he's going to bet now he should
he should be betting now I really like
his check on the flop like it that must
be just pure instinct to check that flop
or he was maybe trapping Phil you know
like thinking wanna check back my top
pair Phil take a step on the turn
doesn't know that Phil's flop the nuts
basically with king 10 Mike's gonna bet
now the dynamics if this is incredibly
interesting Paul because now Mike Bettes
hoping to induce Phil to raise him on a
bluff but Phil doesn't have a bluff he
actually hasn't it's gotten to be fair
so we could see a lot more chips going
the middle here 125,000 is the bet
action on Ivy who makes a much bigger
raise 350,000 now back on Mike McDonald
with that glare Mike is in a world of
pain right now okay he has top pair no
kicker like if I'm in his spot I'm going
how can I fall top pair in this spot he
must be making a move on me you know I
have to at least call
McDonald calls so we will see a river
and phil ivey in very good shape this
pot brewing to almost a million now Phil
Ivey has him against the ropes the river
is a queen of diamonds now in the
context of the hand does that change
anything that river kind it does because
king queen is one of the hands that feel
complete mic on so may change the
dynamics but he still has Kings antennas
I mean he's not going anywhere he would
be saying to himself geez I'm really
unlucky here if he actually does have
King Queen because I've gone from
winning the pot to losing the pot
actions on IV now
he pulls out a pile of chips the deal is
going to count them out 600,000 ken Mike
fold here it's a tough fold he can fold
but I B's bit the perfect amount to get
him to call
so hard to fold with top here and he
does call so Wow Phil Ivey with a super
flop look he was ahead before the flop
he had flopped Mike McGee and
unfortunately for Mike McDonald he he
flopped top pair played it very
creatively in the end you write a super
bet on the river and that really does
make it hard for Mike McDonald now I
mean how do you stop this man in this
situation this is now he's got a
commanding Shipley challenging for this
and now he's going to need to do it
again against Phil Ivey we believe he
can but what an opponent he has Mike
McDonald raises the button with
ace-queen offsuit action on Phil now and
he announces all ni Shirley it's a call
yes it is very quickly so waiting for
Ivy's hand he's got king queen of clubs
Mike McDonald's got him dominated and
he's in very good shape to double up
yeah those two hands play each other
heads up king queen ace queen there's no
way the chips aren't going in the middle
well Phil Ivey is gonna need to get
lucky to knock him out but if he does
it'll be three titles at the Aussie
millions at the 250,000 dollar
tournament that would be astonishing I
mean he's - is astonishing but three is
almost ridiculous
yeah you took the words out of my mouth
it's definitely unprecedented special
well it's still a lot in between him on
wow what a flop look at this
King 10:10 flop Phil Ivey has out
flopped Mike McDonald but Mike McDonald
still has outs well now he's picked up
the jacks as out as well so he's got
seven outs total he grabs the lead and
two cards away Mike McDonald's can
barely believe that Ivey caught the lead
there will return be of any help an ace
or a jack is what we're looking for for
Mike McDonald to survive a turn is an
eight of Hearts if this river is not an
ace or a jack Phil Ivey will be a
three-time champion of the LK Boutique
250,000 dollar challenge
look for an Ace or a jack or Phil will
be the champion again
can Mike kill the river the river is a
nine of hearts and that will do it Phil
Ivey amazing three-time champion of the
elk a boutique 250,000 dollar buying
event at the Aussie Millions
Joe it's just not there I'm almost
speechless incredible even it even feels
a bit impressed with himself